[Music]
nice big house like this
there is a ton of cash we wait till they
get back
they give us what we want
[Music]
me the baby this
won't get you anywhere by prison maybe
don't do this
give me the combination which is no
they have to get into the hospital the
hospital is 30 miles away i seriously
doubt he could survive the journey
oh goodness you don't look at all wow
please sit here
and wait for the ambulance to arrive
oh we really must fumigate this place
again soon
we're plagued by vermin every sort of
past
we have to get out don't worry
everything will be fine i've told you a
thousand times shoes off
at the door she needs to be punished
she'll ruin everything very well
if that's what you want
tell me what's going on just a few
minutes more and then a lovely
long sleep
taylor finished your homework last night
[Music]
yep
hello richard i know the truth about you
who you really are nero
tyler where's my son look at your screen
amigo
you follow my instructions today or he
will die
i need you for a job this vest has a
micro camera
everything you see i will see amigo
if you so much just touched the hair on
my kid's head i swear
isn't her down meeting going on the
restaurant and kill every person there
and that's the only way you're gonna see
your son again alive i can't just
go in there shooting up the place what
about the innocent bystanders there are
no good people in there
no saints only sinners
[Music]
bravo nero let's see if you can do some
more
this is to a new beginning and watching
the utter destruction of our enemies
why did you call you nero it's a name
from the past
i used to work for special forces i'm
sorry you got mixed up in all this
and this is how it's gonna going for you
if he survives you'll come for us are
you scared
you better and you
should be too
who is coming to my birthday party what
about rapunzel
and don't tell me she's getting her hair
done no
writing something called a book sleeping
beauty says she has insomnia princess
crew
that's a ship sir princess leia she's a
general now i demand glorious guests
then may i suggest inviting this
young lady finally this horrible crone
gets
it once upon a time there lived a
princess
named snow white but this fairy tale
is about to get a whole
we need to find the most beautifulest
woman to kiss us
and reverse the curse what was that it's
a witch let's catch her and make her
break the spell
one's where i can see him witch
oh my gosh what what happened to me i
mean my face and my waist
um is that really what i look like in
the mirror
i think i hit her too hard your power
has drained you
i don't have much time prince find her
why are they after you it's my shoes
yeah they're magical
attention idiots draws oh it's that
loser prince average
ah voo raj ah please
charge featuring the voices of chloe
grace morris
sam claflin gina gershon and patrick
warburton
i can't wait for you to see the real me
i like you just as you are
you had a thing on your cheek
your true self you're amazing on the
outside and the inside
is the fairest of them all
this is
[Music]
i shall return on tuesday no wait
check my calendar thursday you've got to
be kidding me
red shoes and the seven dwarfs
[Music]
nobody's gonna believe this
[Applause]
[Music]
[ __ ]
i think someone broke into my house
[Music]
film was my life
some of my favorite childhood memories
are tied to the same
i dreamed of seeing myself on the screen
and now i can't see myself at all
if you want to make it as a singer
america is where you need to be
[Music]
i'm being paid less in the band so
they're men they've got families to feed
well i've got a family to feed
mother tells me i have to choose between
career and marriage
i tell her we can have both from now on
no one will tell us what we can
encounter
miss reddy you sing you sing very nicely
but male groups all the rage right now
you've heard of the beatles right
did it ever occur to you meant to ask
women what they want to listen to
[Applause]
ellen and she's tapped into something
here remember that march in new york and
how many women showed up to that bunch
of record sales marching down the street
i am a woman
[Music]
kind of angry it's man-hating jeff
you're okay with this
what are you doing you want to lose your
recording contract this is more than
just a song to me
and i would like to thank god because
she makes everything possible
[Applause]
you